foreign
[Music]
it's good to see you guys here tonight we have a great great short bible study
for you tonight and we're so privileged to have two guests two special guests
now it didn't it takes a lot to bring them but tonight we're going to have I'm
pointing over here because I've got them both tied up on the floor tonight we're going to have
Billy Graham yes welcome welcome the ghost of Billy Graham and of course as
usual our friend uh Dr Young who won't be saying anything due to his ball gag
um so without any further Ado in order to get to the ionic life let us now turn
to Billy Graham Billy bring it oh come on Billy oh
I can feel you buddy I can feel you bring me bring me ionic life Billy Billy
what must I do to have of eternal life
the greatest problem in the world today is sin what causes people to hate and
lust and have greed it's sin it's a disease that we all have
the Bible says all have sinned and come short of the glory of God you missed the
mark you've broken the law on your way to spiritual death and eternal death
and the judgment but Jesus said I can do something about
that I can change your life I can make you a new person
Jesus demanded that we make a choice he says there are two roads of Life the
broad Road in the narrow road and you can use too there are two Destinies Heaven and Hell which road are you on which Master are
you serve [Music] I don't have to be judged I don't have to go to hell I don't have to be lost my
soul has been redeemed I'm going to heaven got to First repent of my sin and
receive Christ as my Lord and my savior you have to repent of your sins that
means to be willing to change your way of living you may have no power to do it but if you surrender to Christ he'll
give you the power how many of you here tonight are broken Fed Up
but you don't know what to do you give your life to Christ tonight and you will have Supernatural help
in breaking those chains that bind you God's not waiting to judge you God's not
waiting to condemn you he's waiting to receive you with Mercy
with love with open arms and forgive all your sins
you know there only comes a few times in our lives when Jesus of Nazareth passes by and we have an opportunity like we
have tonight to receive it you may never have a tomorrow as far as God is concerned there are people here tonight
that may never be alive tomorrow you may never get gospel again like this or your heart may not be this tender toward God
come while you can and don't put it off God is waiting to welcome you with open
arms to receive you as you come to him in Repentance and Faith
simple and yet could be life-changing tonight and all of heaven will rejoice
[Music]
and with such power Billy Graham brought you
eternal life eternal life can we see can we see John
3 16 please can we see John 3 16. everybody together is their opening
reading tonight in this Bible study let's look at John 3 16.
edoken
is
ion what is eternal life God so loved the world
that he gave his only son his only born son
the monogenes who had been prophesied of he gave them
for the sake of what for the sake of ionic life translated to
you as Eternal and tonight what I want to show you
is the world where eternal life doesn't exist
it's nowhere in the Bible it is not a promise of eternal life it
is a promise promise of ionic life what is this thing
let's see let's see a a an excellent false derivation of that
um more eternal life bring us bring it on you ghosts of the Dead bring on more
eternal life
is there for life and they shall never perish neither sell
any man collect them out of my hand the Bible says verily verily I say Unity he that heareth my word and believeth on
him that sent me hath everlasting life and shall not come into condemnation but
is passed from Death unto life Jesus said and whosoever liveth and believeth
in me shall never die believe us thou this and if you believe on Christ you'll
never die some people think eternal life means life that goes on and on and on and on
and on and on and on and on and on and on and on so the life they have now
they think oh that just continues and doesn't stop
no eternal life is the renderings the English rendering
house [Music] so wait
eternal life is used in the English language to
describe the life that that only belongs to the
eternal the truth is the way of eternal life we need to be able to follow it eternal
life eternal life external life eternal life eternal life
whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life do not keep
that life-changing truth to yourself and remember you are loved
it you are indeed now um what is this thing they're talking about this ionic
life and does it mean Eternal um let us just go to the ion the best
place to go is back to the original go back to Alice and by the way does um
does anybody notice how that preacher just snuck in a little bit of Greek and
it's it to you it's believable right to anybody who spends time reading Greek
it's you know it's transparently bad yeah Zoe what's eternal life Zoe thank
you let's go to ion and see what is this
thing ionic life what is it let's go to ion okay please beautiful back to Alice
Alice tell us Alice ion oh lifetime life age generation long space of time space
of time ion personified as the child acronos
oh that's nice that's nice what I want you to look at just one word in Greek
and go let's bring up the ion big ion show us what the derivate oh
okay okay look at this look at this look at this oh this is gorgeous um look right in the middle here right here in
space and time um this way look right here this is I
won I won Alpha e Yoda and what is that F
looking thing that's a diagama can you say die gamma yes you know what
that diagram is it is from the Mycenaean Greek this is a very very old word
I won and where does it come from from 1600 BC
yes wow gorgeous gorgeous oh is that lovely
um what is the what is the I won what is the I want before we can show you the
ion we have to step over the cadavers of the terrible terrible
misconceptions and lies that you have been fed by people who's pretend to know
Greek and tell you oh it's from the Greek and it means this and they do not know it can I get a hail
Satan
let's see it let's see them in their Foolery let's go please show us the
Chewie show us the the false derivation the third clip that we've got yeah if
you know very much about the story of the Bible you've probably heard that Jesus offers eternal life sounds nice what does Jesus
mean by eternal life well Jesus adopted this phrase from the Hebrew scriptures
in English it's translated eternal life or sometimes everlasting life but the
phrase literally translated from Hebrew is life unto the age
yeah yeah seriously did he just say that it's
adopted from the Hebrew and you people just sit there and uh-huh uh-huh it's
adopted from the Hebrew I just showed you the Mycenaean
the proto-hebrew is it earliest 9th century BC
this is not Hebrew this is not Semitic this is Greek in its oldest form at
least the oldest recovery formula we have so far right linearity is going to go back but let them let them work on
their end so the proto-hebrew is to say that this is derived from Hebrew is is tantamount
to taking you in a back alley and having way with you
yes very bad shame on these people shame on these people and why do people
believe this because we have to if it logically works out within the
judeo-christian mystery the the languages have to follow each
other and that original Source has to be Hebrew they can't live their Universe
shatters without that the masoretic sects in the 10th Century starts crying
out from their graves oh we created you attacks
and that tradition has bound you for a thousand years
yes yes it's time to wake up what is the ion where do we always go here at least
Babylon we go to the medwa right we go to the Aryans who call themselves The
metoy yes all because of this one woman where else would we go where else is
interesting except lady Babylon seriously
love it love it okay tonight I'd like to bring you a text
where we can see the ion and to show you that it
um has been poorly poorly terribly mistranslated and criminally perhaps as
eternal yes eternal seriously guys okay let me pull up the
Medea text this is the fourth pythian ode and it is a record of Medea's Oracle
of Medea's Oracle beautiful thank you very much Julie so what is take it down for a second
what is Medea's Oracle media's Oracle as well it's one of the Oracles of Medea
that she had a down from Sarah Santorini oh
and uh this was before the explosion
yeah anyway um she handed down this uh Oracle of the future that was kept by
the pythia that's awesome was kept by the pythia and the pithia
pythia went ahead and uh released it when the inquiry was there that was
relevant to the oracle um it was about the founders of cyrini
and some yeah stuff in Northern Africa good stuff anyway
um so uh this is pindar's record of that Oracle and in it we have the word ion
and I just wanted you guys to see what the ion is you know ion is is uh
is making sure let's bring up the Greek is making sure that everybody is falling
in love with Jason's ship who wants to go on the art on the Argo and what are
they sailing to do right he doesn't want them to uh third
line the uh third line down on this one I just want to show you the aisle uh
um where'd we go there we go second line one two three four five sixth word in Iona okay so
there we are and he doesn't want them to have um to be staying there with their
mothers Hera doesn't want them to be staying there with their mothers having an ion Aquin dunon
what is what is a kingdom on that's something that lacks any sort of danger
lacks in a sort of danger um Hera wants you to go on the Argo
because she doesn't want you to sit at home with your mommy
um living an ion that is without Danger
living an ion that is out without danger now what's funny is um further down the line Allah
despite the death even against death they should go to find what to find a
collie Stone pharmacon to find the best
most beautiful drug the wait the most beautiful drug yes the
most beautiful drug drug what kind of drug a drug artist
the most beautiful drug of virtue
you know you can't get that if you're sitting at home with your mommy
says [Laughter] it's good stuff you gotta love it he
won't realize this stuff is written by women right they're like oh all the literature we have is no it's not no
it's not it's not all men right there's great stuff out there great stuff out there anyway
um and yes did you notice what are they on the journey for they're on the journey for the Fatima Khan they want
that drug that drug that leads to Virtue so they go on kidnap Medea
logical right right she's the source
okay so um what I want to do next is I wanted you to see that within its
context and now I want to go to yes I guess we're going to pull up Jung now
um let's get you before we do can you just show the folks you and
I want you to I just want you to thank Redbook or leave her know him
no what's and what shut up yo
read it just read it before you just okay put the text up let's just do this
here we go are you guys ready we're going to be transformed why is Philemon
a magician oh look it's got the root
yeah that's nice does he conjure up
immortality for himself Jung is listening do you see what happens young
is listening to you he's watching you I told you is he Conjuring up immortality a life
beyond he was probably only a magician by profession and he now appears to be a
pension magician speak you old fool speak
who has retired from service it's not that old his desirousness and
creative Drive this do you know why I beat him now now
you know why I beat young I know every once in a while it feels good yes
his desirousness and creative Drive have expired and he now enjoys his well-earned rest out of sheer incapacity
like every old man who can do nothing else than plant tulips and water his
little garden the mat okay now here's where just give it to us give it to us you dirty old man you dirty old man I'm
gonna tell him what you did to your patient how old was she you creep
Young um the magical rod
now get ready for you know get ready for you know this is the big stuff okay of
all of you esoteric people anybody who's interested in the magic in
the necromancy watch what's going to happen this is gorgeousness and gorgeousity all
together yeah I love this um the magical rod
wait huh lies in a Cupboard together with the sixth and seventh
Books of Moses wait [Music] um
Genesis access Leviticus Numbers Deuteronomy that's five I thought it was
called a pentateuch guess what your world that you thought was so normal isn't there happen to be
other books of Moses they just weren't accepted in El Canon
love it okay um we have the eighth would you like me to show you it survives in Greek
who wants to read the eighth book of Moses you know you do you know you do
yeah filament has become old and so much
feeble-minded yes okay so
um tell us why is the rod the rod is laid upon
the sixth and the seventh perhaps it's the eighth you could say
what kind of Rod this serpent Rod the serpent wand that he that Jung brings to
you and profanes to you remember he wanted this buried with him right and then released at a specific
time what a he's weird now you know why
restraints are so important with Carl with with Dr Young sorry don't get don't
try to get personal um okay fantastic let's go on uh to the
eighth book of Moses then eighth book of Moses and I'm going to read you a
section of that and you are going to perceive ionic life are you ready
none of your people from Harvard are going to give this to you because they don't use these sources
shame on you when you were needed Harvard
Ivy League nothing about the ivy in that one yeah yeah let's see it okay I'll read it to
you let's see if we can find it where um I'm not quite sure which one nope nope
no no well that's okay take it down
um I'll read it to you please let me read you it's from the PGM you can get it
yourself Hans Dieter bets yeah it's the addition that Dr John
Scarborough was one of the many translators for who was the uh the gentleman that I worked with uh
um very nice very nice uh I Call On You
the creator of all who are greater than all
like that you the self-begotten god
who see all and hear all and are not seen
okay do you have the mental image this God is telling you about calling on that unseen one
for you gave Helios all the glory and the power Celine the privilege to Wax
and Wane and you have fixed the courses yet you took nothing from the earlier
born Darkness but assign them equally assign them
equality for when you appeared both order or Rose and light appeared I like that order and
light appeared and all things were arranged by you therefore all things are
also subject to you whose True Form
none of the Gods can see who take different forms in different
visions ion of ion
ion of ion yeah what ground are we treading here
we're treading here the Mysteries and we're looking at
the top um ion let's images of ion
images where are they bring them up love it love it just keep bringing them up forget me forget me and just keep
whatever you can bring up of Ayah um yeah you'll notice the snake Association you're the Roblox is here
for all of you cats who are interested in in the dark side of the esoteric
you'll you'll know the images that are there for those of you who've been somewhat initiated yeah you'll know
you'll recognize you begin to recognize them show them the serpent right the serpent around ion right AKA fanis
what is going on with the language it's the same Divinity right fanes bring them up
Phoenix oh take Feast your eyes on this guy right with the serpent around him
he's got the wings oh you gotta love it does anybody smell
Saturn yes you should because this is Saturn
hail Satan Judaism and Christianity are the
children of satanism yeah the children of satanism
yeah yeah there he is for you there is Ion and if
you go into the synagogues in Israel
from the first from the second and first BC the first and second anno domini you're gonna find
ion you're going to find ion the worship of Saturn
love it love it love it it's good stuff it's good stuff
so the as as we um I just want to hit a couple more
texts with you but as we wrap up then come full circle
this ionic life is a part of the mystery
the initiate who enters death and is brought back to
life is born again
yeah you're born again uh-huh and that
ionic life is
the state the the initiate answers
it is not the word eternal and the mistake comes through Latin it's
the church pushing it I woman what I want means and whether it means
Alternatives and it doesn't the ion
Saturn is outside of Chronos
wait what yeah Chronos time
the Saturn Satan is outside of that time
yeah it is only by the castration of uranos that anything proceeds he has set
that time I'm first and last apocalypse
here we go are you ready here's the funny thing this phane's ion is
bigendered is dual dual gendered
yeah yeah Feast on that guys with your serpents on your poles
Feast on that right oh gotta love it bring the apocalyptic chapter in here break I wanna I wanna this is from the
beginning of the Apocalypse we're gonna go right there I'm gonna bring it up on my screen here
so it's easier on my old eyes yes fantastic
in the middle of these lamps was this uh dude who's very much like the son of man
yeah he's he's dressed all the way down to his feet right and he's got this uh
um girdle thing that's a bra yeah he's got a bra on why I told you
finance was the was the by General one nobody ever believes me in that but
um look um here is Jesus right we're talking about Jesus and it says in that very time for that first line
he's got the Zone he's got the bra and it's around his mastoise
right doesn't say it's around a Stern his chest it says it's around his his
breasts it's around his breasts and this zone is a very important thing it um it's a
ceremonial thing worn by priestesses who are collecting the
little Cirrus exudate from their breasts for the sake of ritual use
yeah Jesus is wearing one in the apocalypse Jesus is wearing one can you believe that okay and is uh anyway verse
14 and his head right he's got white hairs on his head there white like a lamb and yeah he on like the snow and
his eyes are the flocks right the fire this that that that
eruption of fire the flocks oh it's got so much
meaning he's the one that you can't see but appears oh this is fantastic and his
feet are like bronze why does he have the bronze feet because she has the bronze feet
um if I show you the vampire text that I have if I show you the vampire text from
Mike morulis who's the Buddy of Vlad
um the Impaler uh in his perfect perfect cult Latin by the way which in 1450 or
whenever whenever he wrote this maybe a little before them but for the time that was the most
outstanding Latin and to way too close to the cult um to not be right in the big darn
middle of it um but he will tell you and it's him to I turn it to us he he brings you the ion
yeah why because he's the the guy who knows the purple
right and the use of the Pearl remember their wings the purple right before the in the Oracle of Medea you guys have to
read this stuff you love it pindar pythian Odes okay let's go on with the
uh apocalypse and having in his right hand what did he have he had the
asterae and the Seven Stars yeah and from his stomatos from his mouth came
what a very sharp sword yeah very sharp yeah this Thomas cutting two ways
that's sometimes rendered as two eggs or double edged
but it literally says cutting two ways
anyway and uh yeah so he's got a stars and his face is opsis his expression is
glare with that light that comes out of your eyes these are all magic this is Magic physics right yeah
um what is it what is this glare it's like the Helios oh okay wait a minute now we're getting close to it can you
can you smell the sorcery can you smell the drugs can you smell what's going on in the
text right um he's got the bronze feet and all that kind of stuff he's got all the witchy
stuff there from the PGM right from the magical papyri he's he's got it all and
uh he's also got the power of the sun right who is the granddaughter of the
son who wears the breast band that collects The Galena who is she the medwa
the Medea the Medea or when you look in the mirror
and you face Ed dim yeah in order to be in Paradise you got
to be facing the mirror you got to be facing Adam
oh yeah you begin to see it can you taste it yeah
um so yeah he was dead and alive he came back right and um put his right hand on
him saying don't be afraid now look at how Jesus identifies himself here at verse uh
18. uh 17.5 Eagle Amy I am
the first in the boom accomplishment finish the finishing
love it eschatology kind of Zone and the living
he is the living he's not offering you the the Zoe it's the ionian Zoe he's
offering you ah and the living and the I became dead
necross and behold I am alive ace deuce eye on us
um how do you translate that it's in the plural it it says into the ions of ions
there has never yet been written a good English translation of that expression
and if I were to walk into your pastor's office if I kick down this door and walked in and threw my great text in
front and said listen you little braggart tell me what does this expression mean
he wouldn't be able to he wouldn't be able to no no
yeah why because they don't read they just pretend to right anybody who tells you they do
Greek yeah okay foreign
it's Rich it's deep it's deep right you say it with reverence you know
and fear a classical philologist says that with reverence and fear because they've seen the great wonderful depths
of Greek and they've swamped they know they know and respect its beauty and
anybody who tells you they know it probably doesn't they just have had a couple of semesters I left Dallas
Theological Seminary I went to the president and I was like look I just started my THM program and I have a
bachelor's in Classics with a double major in Greek and Latin so
um your program is weak and he was like yeah bro he didn't say
bra or he may have said brother but he's he was like yeah bro it is he
confessed it was weak it wasn't what it used to be I had looked at some Scholars who come there when they were all
reading Lewisberry Schaefer and so I knew and it was just weak
seminaries they're weak they are weak I went into a seminary and within a very
short period of time two years within a very short period of time I had people saying what the what are these
students doing their Greek is suddenly fantastic they don't even have to know that anymore you should have been teaching
them Latin what's in the Pope's decrees
anyway um yeah look he's into the ions of ions
that's that's a prepositional phrase there into the ions of ions
yeah what does it mean I'm engaging
I am that ions of ions
now for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son
that whosoever believeth gonna love the King James
on him should not perish but have
ion interesting
yeah you have just uncovered a new a new reality
there is no eternal life that is such an absurdity it's a
self-contradicting statement right um because the ion is by definition
especially if you're Pythagorean and you another action to 10 the decade does
anybody know the deck head no nobody knows the decade oh don't eat the cobbler on the way there
right Cobble is later it's medieval it's off
anyway um here we have the fruit and we're looking
at it here we have the ion the ion is outside it's outside of the time so a
definition of Eternal for it is sad is sad and I can talk about other Greek
words used for Eternal I can talk about simple adverb and it's roots and the
relation to the verb IO meaning to comprehend or to perceive
and I dase being Hades who is the one who was invisible
the perception of the invisibility the phonics the Saturn you big Joe does
everybody see it we're right back to Saturn the verbs take us there the
language the language absorbed all this stuff it's like a fingerprint the Jews
and the Christians worship a satanic Divinity Prof that's a profound moment
Christians worship a satanic
divinity
[Music]
foreign [Music]
that's so lovely thank you for coming tonight um we had a couple of questions but
I've had so much fun and that's a lot to absorb and I think what we're going to
do this time is just say hey all of you who are writing in with great questions I'm trying to get to them all
it may take me some time and for those of you who have sent me uh email
requests for communications or zooming
I appreciate it and I will get through all of those
if I have time we're trying I'm trying um I love your comments and your
questions and I will return you a spot a response within a couple of days I'll
get on the uh find time to get on and take you guys extremely serious I
appreciate everything and I want you to have a great week I'll see you at
satanic initiation hail Satan [Music]